sparql/xslt.rst, before:

.. index:: pair: XSLT; post-processing
.. index:: standards; XPath 2.0
.. index:: standards; XSLT 2.0

XSLT Post-Processing
====================

Dydra's query engine integrates an XSLT 2.0 processor pipeline to enable
server-side post-processing of SPARQL query results based on a user-supplied
XSLT stylesheet.

This feature is currently supported for the RDF/XML output of ``CONSTRUCT``
and ``DESCRIBE`` queries.

.. todo:: To be detailed.

Known Caveats
-------------

Dydra's XSLT implementation is based on the `XQilla
<http://xqilla.sourceforge.net/>`__ XSLT processor library. While XQilla
supports much of XSLT 2.0 and XPath 2.0, it does have a number of significant `known
limitations <http://xqilla.sourceforge.net/XSLT2>`__ to take into account.

Missing Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following XSLT 2.0 features are not supported at this time:

* ``xsl:apply-imports``
* ``xsl:attribute-set``
* ``xsl:character-map``
* ``xsl:decimal-format``
* ``xsl:fallback``
* ``xsl:for-each-group``
* ``xsl:import``
* ``xsl:import-schema``
* ``xsl:include``
* ``xsl:key``
* ``xsl:message``
* ``xsl:namespace-alias``
* ``xsl:next-match``
* ``xsl:number``
* ``xsl:output``
* ``xsl:output-character``
* ``xsl:perform-sort``
* ``xsl:preserve-space``
* ``xsl:result-document``
* ``xsl:sort``
* ``xsl:strip-space``
* ``@validation`` & ``@type``
* ``@priority``

Commit message:

Documented the ?xsl-stylesheet= parameter.

sparql/xslt.rst, after:

.. index:: pair: XSLT; post-processing
.. index:: standards; XPath 2.0
.. index:: standards; XSLT 2.0

XSLT Post-Processing
====================

Dydra's query engine integrates an XSLT 2.0 processor pipeline to enable
server-side post-processing of SPARQL query results based on a user-supplied
XSLT stylesheet.

This feature is currently supported for the RDF/XML output of ``CONSTRUCT``
and ``DESCRIBE`` queries.

.. todo:: To be detailed.

XSLT post-processing is activated by including an ``xsl-stylesheet`` URL
parameter in the :doc:`SPARQL Protocol <index>` request. The value of this
parameter must be the URL of the XSLT stylesheet to apply to the RDF/XML
output of the SPARQL query.

XSLT post-processing is also supported for :doc:`../views/index`, in a
similar manner.

Known Caveats
-------------

Dydra's XSLT implementation is based on the `XQilla
<http://xqilla.sourceforge.net/>`__ XSLT processor library. While XQilla
supports much of XSLT 2.0 and XPath 2.0, it does have a number of significant `known
limitations <http://xqilla.sourceforge.net/XSLT2>`__ to take into account.

Missing Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following XSLT 2.0 features are not supported at this time:

* ``xsl:apply-imports``
* ``xsl:attribute-set``
* ``xsl:character-map``
* ``xsl:decimal-format``
* ``xsl:fallback``
* ``xsl:for-each-group``
* ``xsl:import``
* ``xsl:import-schema``
* ``xsl:include``
* ``xsl:key``
* ``xsl:message``
* ``xsl:namespace-alias``
* ``xsl:next-match``
* ``xsl:number``
* ``xsl:output``
* ``xsl:output-character``
* ``xsl:perform-sort``
* ``xsl:preserve-space``
* ``xsl:result-document``
* ``xsl:sort``
* ``xsl:strip-space``
* ``@validation`` & ``@type``
* ``@priority``
